Added code conventions documentation (#320)
MyOnlineStore/bricks: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Code conventions

### Props 

> Props should named like html attributes. Just the essence of what it does like `show` or `error`. Only function props should have prefixes.

Reviewer: shoud _be_ named

> Props should implemented like html attributes. Just the essence of what it does like `show` or `error`. Only function props should have prefixes.

Reviewer 2: Maybe "implemented" could be "named" here.

```tsx
👍 <Checkbox error={this.props.error}>
----
👎 <Checkbox errorMessage={this.props.error}>
```

> ### Functions callbacks

Reviewer 2: Callbacks are always functions, so "Functions" is a bit redundant here.

> Functions should describe what's happening. External callbacks should be prefixed with `on`. Internal functions should respond to the requested action like handleRequestedAction. Prefix should be handle followed by the action like `click`, `hover`, `mouseEnter` etc. Try to avoid ambiguous terms like `action`. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Function names should describe what happens when you call the function. External callbacks should be prefixed with `on`. Internal functions should respond to the requested action, like handleRequestedAction. The prefix should be handle followed by an action like `click`, `hover`, `mouseEnter` etc. Try to avoid ambiguous terms like `action`. 
```

*External:*
```tsx

> 👍 <Button onClick={clickAction} />

Reviewer 2: Maybe you could use `handleClick` here as well. To avoid conflicts with the other rules.

----
👎 <Button action={handleClick} />
```
*Internal:*
```tsx
👍 <StyledButton onHover={handleHover} />
----
👎 <StyledButton hover={onHover} />
```

### Types
Types should end with the `Type` suffix. This makes them easy to identify as such in usage.

```ts
👍 type ButtonVariantType = {...}
----
👎 type ButtonVariant = {...}
```

### State Variables 

> The variables should provide context to what it does and indirectly explain what is happening in the code. So no single letter variables 🙂. Internal booleans should be prefixed with verbs like `is`, `has`, `should` etc.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A state variable should provide context to what it does and indirectly explain what is happening in the code. So no single letter variables 🙂. Internal booleans should be prefixed with verbs like `is`, `has`, `should` etc.
```
